So you already knew
Not very early
When you find out you don't have a birthmark
Civilization for a scar on its shoulder
You have repeatedly described yourself as a vain woman
But after I got along with him, I found that
He's not what you said
That scar was a birthmark
But at that time, I was afraid of affecting your relationship
It was done.
Because from beginning to end, the only person I like is you.
Tebetsu Mingwei is the murderer who killed your grandmother
Are you sure?
Do you want to be with this vicious woman?
No, Beixian
It was he who made Jiang Yuhang kill grandma
You have to believe me.
Beixian, do you have any evidence?
Jiang Yuhang personally accused you of being the one who scolded him
How dare you slander me in return?
I have no evidence
I believe you.
What's the use of believing
You have evidence and I can tell you
North, are you sure there is no evidence?
You
Help me kill that old lady Qingmingzhu
Wait until I successfully marry into the Li family
Get this place again Bei Xian
I'll rescue you then
Isn't the Li family just the two of us?
Right
And our baby?
Fei Ziyu, how did you have this video?
I'm afraid Jiang Yuhang is messing around outside
So he installed a pinhole camera in his house
I didn't expect it.
I actually got evidence that you hurt the Tianming Pearl
And not only that.
This Zhang Yuhao actually got together with you
You also encouraged me to frame Minwei
Put me in jail
The evidence is solid
What else do you have to quibble about?
You want to convict me on a video?
The only witness to the dream
Jiang Yuhang has been killed by my men